Feature/forms (#247)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/forms/php/filters/blocks/additional-blocks.md

title: Additional blocks
---

> Adding additional custom or core blocks to the form builder page. For example you want to use heading block in your form with this filter you can provide it.
> 
> :::note
> Every block provided must ba fully qualified block name.
> :::
> 
> ```php
> add_filter('es_forms_blocks_additional_blocks', function() {
> 	return [
> 		'core/heading',
> 		'core/paragraph',
> 	];
> })
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows enabling the use of any regular (custom, core, 3rd-party) block inside the Form builder, e.g. if you want to enable using a Heading block within the form.

:::note
Blocks should be added with their fully qualified block names, e.g. `eightshift-boilerplate/heading`.
:::

```php
add_filter('es_forms_blocks_additional_blocks', function() {
	return [
		'core/heading',
		'core/paragraph',
	];
})
```
```
